I also thought about it carefully
I don't agree with that.
When does Nuonuo get off work?
Your first day as director
I booked a restaurant to celebrate with you
It will be fine in a while.
I'll pick you up
So you don't want to marry me?
It's because of him
We're done.
My business has nothing to do with you
End Lin Xinnuo
We are already engaged
I will explain to my father
Marriage I refuse
You can't end this thing without saying stop
Enough of you
Always such a lofty posture
Treat everyone as your toys
But I'm tired of it now.
Young Master Lu
Please continue to maintain your defiant posture
I wish you a lifetime of helplessness
Alone
Go forward you let go
Lin Xinnuo
You are still the person in charge of the cooperation with Lu Enterprises
Do you want to get rid of me?
Never mind